The purpose of this site is to make art accessible for everyone by bringing artists and their collection on a single access online platform where interested people can view and get to know by ceating a simple profile. 

Created  and edited 6 templates from existing ones as per requirement. Simplified homepage and updated the bootstrap files. 

Hompage edited on index.php file durinng Lab 1. 

Edited the about.html to about.php, made changes and updated as per requirement. 

Created Artists template by adapting about.html file and later changed it to php file after making updates.

Collections_t.php file made from adapting index.php file and making chnages and updates as per requirements. 

Updated contact file to signin.php file and made changes by updating and removing content. 

Updated Navigation bar for webpages and links so that webpages become easy to access. 

Added link to Post to the navigation bar, added post page to the website. 

changed artists.php by making all names in to links for easy navigation for artisit information. 

Added aboutartists page that can be reched from the links from the artist.php page. 

Made changes to the collection_t.php page where the works of artist can be used to access the different themse of the artists. 

created a themes.php file that can display the works of the artists by theme which can be accessed from the collection_t.php file. 


A3

Created four new tables named about, artists, themes and artwork. 
Populated them with data and used them instead of the csv files on the webpage by linking them together. 
Updated the index.php by linking it to the SQL database and hence providing a full image on the homepage. 
upadted the about.php formated and comented code. 
Updated the artist.php page 
updated the aboutartists.php page  
updated the collections_t and themes.php pages
updated the links and made them fucntional 
corrected errors from A2. 





A4

updated sign in page so that already existing user's credentials get validated and enables a session for them.   

created sessions so that an existing user can sign in and sign out after their use.

added new table called sign in to the already existing database

Created createa ccount page 

updated the post page 

fixed errors from A3 in about artist page

fixed errors from A3 in themes page. 

Updated the navigation bar on all pages according to the session feature enableing the user to sign in and sign out at will.


A5

Fixed all the errors from A4

Sign page is updated to take in new passaward and name. Checks password using password_verify method.

Create account page creats accounts, hashes passwords and updates database using passwrod_hash method. 

Post page is updated to add new themes. 

updated quiries to prepared statements in the createaccount page and signin page 

commented code 



Citations:

1. Lorem Ipsum. (n.d.). Retrieved Feburary 26, 2023, from http://www.lipsum.com. 
2. Start Bootstrap. (n.d.). Modern Business. Retrieved Feburary 26, 2023, from https://startbootstrap.com/previews/modern-business.
3. Pictures given in the powerpoint presentation to help with A2 and A3